OKOLO JUSTIN CHINEDU 
ENG1805501
COMPUTER ENGINEERING


ECP Assignment

    • Between a 9 year old and a super computer, which is :
      1. More inteligent
      2. Faster
      3. more powerful

intelligence:

    • A computer does not generate its own ideas but a nine yaer old can 
      think for itself.(i agree with this point )
      
    • The nine year olds are better suited for the adapdation in the real
      world as the computer can not think for it self in these kind of
      situations. ( i agree with this point)
      
    • it is a similar situation as a wise man and another man coming to
      the wise man for advice,so, in this situation the computer is
      obviosly better. ( This does not follow as the premise does not apply
      to the argument and is therefor a fallacy)
      
    • The children might forget some things on how to solve a problem but
      the computer does not have such a problem and it uses all its resource
      to solve a particular problem.( This is a valid point but it does not
      directly relate to intelligence and also does not account for the fact
      that computer memory can also be corrupted).
      
    • The computer is less prone to mistake than the 9 year olds and the
      precision of its answer are to a much higher level. (Again, this point
      has little to do with intelligence but instead compares the Speed and
      accuracy of both parties)
      
    • A child for example has eye and a computer had an equivalent camera,
      the brain of the child by instinct knows how to accomodate the focus of
      the eye will a computer has to pe programmed to use the camera if it
      does not already have a driver for it. ( Instinct in this case is a form
      of intelligence, not gotten from experience but from our DNA as humans)

    • From the dictionary definition of inteligence which is to be able to
      apply acquired knowledge in real situations, the 9 year old not be up to
      par with a computer that was designed to do just that.
      
    • Another point was made that the computer has a limited intelligence
      as it can only apply its knowledge in a very specific way and is not
      flexible in its application.
      
    • A counter argument was made for the case of the computer stating the
      various new frontiers in machine learning that brodens the application of
      the intelligence of computers.
      
    • A new agument was brought up saying “computers are only as good as the
      programs which are written by people”.
      
    • And then a counter Argument that a nine year old cannot write code that
      complicted.
      
    • A new analogy was proposed to the class about how  evn the modern day
      super computer is incapable of rendering a realistic simulation or reality
      even with the capability of it processing power because it strugles to
      render quantum physics and even the present most powerful quantum computer 
      that is built for just this purpose fails to even accurately render an atom
      with its present processing power.


Speed
    • A member of the class said wrongfully that the brain used chemicals to
      transmit information and a computer was clearly faster as it uses 
      electricity i.e electrons traveling at a fraction of the speed of light.
      
    • The Lecturer clearified that the brain also sent signals through
      electric signals and that could not be said to be a plus for the
      supercomputer.
      
    • Another member of the class mention that the computer is nore suited
      to performing reapeated tasks like data processing and calculations.
      It excels when it comes to making calculated guesses base on data that
      it already has and does such processes extreamly fast.
      
    • In my own view, the Super computer is the clear winner in this categorie
      and thought with practice, the human brain can acheive outstanding results,
      it cannot still at this point compare to a super computer designed to
      perform the same task.

Power
    • At this point, a member of the class was quick to mention that the super
      computer was the clear winner as in previosly stated, it can run millions
      of calculations a second steadily.
      
    • But this does not take into account that the brain also runs “Background
      processes” like controling breathin when were not paying attention, the 
      heartbeat, the flow of secreations in the body like the mucus that lines
      the lungs and breathin possible, the creation of new cells where they are
      needed, e.t.c


Conclusion/Personnal opinion:
        I belive that comparing two different things that work on fundamentally
        diffent principles and are for different purposes would be a flawed agument
        as they do very distinct things.
        Humans created computers to automate mundane tasks that require precision
        like calculations on a spreadsheet, calculating tragechery for a space
        shuttle, sorting information, e.t.c
        the Human brain was created to control the body and all its functions
        directly or indirectly.
        So unless a computer is created that can do the same or an organic brain
        is made just for the same purpose as a computer, it is arguably nonsensical
        to compare them.
